Hello, everyone. My name is
Enzo Manzinali and I'm 19
years old. I obtained my end
of high school diploma with
specializations in physics,
chemistry and also mathematics
in 2022.
And right after that, I went
to the University of Upper
Alsace in Mulhouse to pursue a
degree in and chemistry.
But I dropped out after one
semester because I didn't like
what I was doing... I was
mainly interested in
chemistry, but I had to study
physics anyway. French is my
native language. I also speak
English, as you can see. I
also speak a bit of German.
Starting in September this
year, I'm pursuing a
Bachelor's in, networks and
telecoms at the University of
Franche-Comté in Montbéliard.
I have a very strong passion
for video games such as
Counter-Strike. I also like to
listen to music and also
playing the guitar and the
bass.
Looking ahead, I aspire to
work in the field of
cybersecurity. And I'd
really like to travel to
various countries such as
Scotland, Iceland and maybe
Finland. Thank you for your
attention. And see you soon.